docs: add useOverflowItems docs (#7052)
carbon-design-system/ibm-products: packages/ibm-products/src/global/js/hooks/useOverflowItems/useOverflowItems.mdx

import { Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import * as UseOverflowItemsStories from './useOverflowItems.stories';
import { useOverflowItems } from '.';

# useOverflowItems

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Hook API](#hook-api)
- [Example usage](#example-usage)
- [Example implementation](#example-implementation)

## Overview

> The `useOverflowItems` hook is a hook that can be used deal with the handling of multiple DOM elements inside of a given area.

Reviewer: hook is a hook made me laugh 😂

> For example, if you had the task to only display a certain amount of `Tag` elements in a container and instead of wrapping them to the next line you needed to display their values in an `OverflowMenu`. You could use this hook to do just that.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you need to display a certain number of `Tag` elements in a container and render additional values in a popover, you could use this hook to do just that.
```

> ## Hook API

Reviewer 3: I would suggest in this section to include another example code snippet section showing it's actual usage to provide a more contextual example of how to use it.

### Example usage
```tsx
const {
  visibleItems,
  hiddenItems,
  itemRefHandler,
  offsetRefHandler
} = useOverflowItems(
  items,
  containerRef,
  offsetRef,
  maxVisible,
  onChange
);
```

import { Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import * as UseOverflowItemsStories from './useOverflowItems.stories';
import { useOverflowItems } from '.';

# useOverflowItems

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Hook API](#hook-api)
- [Example usage](#example-usage)
- [Example implementation](#example-implementation)

## Overview

The `useOverflowItems` hook can be used for handling overflow behavior of multiple DOM elements inside of a given area.

For example, if you need to display a certain number of `Tag` elements in a container and render additional values in a popover, you could use this hook to do just that.

## Hook API

```jsx
// Hook arguments

> items: T[] = [], // An iterable list of items

Reviewer: should we be more clear with the type `T`?

Reviewer: not sure if it's a generic type?

Reviewer: If it is maybe just stating that T is the generic type passed in so that way non-tyypescript savvy people can understand a bit more

Author: yeah it's a generic type. i can update it to make it more clear.

containerRef: RefObject<HTMLElement | null>, // The parent container that the items are confined to
offsetRef?: RefObject<HTMLElement | null>, // An optional ref to an element that you want to exclude from the calculation
maxItems?: number, // An optional argument for a maximum amount of items to return
onChange?: (value: {
  hiddenItems?: T[];
  minWidth?: number;
  maxWidth?: number;
}) => void // An event handler that's called whenever the number of number of visible items changes

// Hook returns
{
  visibleItems: T[]; // An array of items that fit in the containerRef
  itemRefHandler: (id: string, node: HTMLElement | null) => void; // A handler for passing the ref of the node to the hook
  hiddenItems: T[]; // An array of items that don't fit in the containerRef
  offsetRefHandler: (node: HTMLElement | null) => HTMLElement; // A handler for passing the ref of the offset element to the hook
}
```

## Example usage

```jsx
const {
  visibleItems,
  hiddenItems,
  itemRefHandler,
  offsetRefHandler
} = useOverflowItems(
  items,
  containerRef,
  offsetRef,
  maxVisible,
  onChange

> );

Reviewer: I'm wondering if the example usage should also include a quick tag example since you mentioned it? would be easier to understand the component that way. WDYT?

Author: can you clarify? because directly underneath it is the story example
<img width="1840" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-04 at 1 47 50 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/63c67e5e-04f5-4646-90a1-69e2cfffef3c" />
